This project is a Math Homework generator. Our goal is to create a program for teachers and educators to assist them with testing students knowledge and understanding of the math skills they are teaching. The completed program will generate a math homework page based on the number of problems and the difficulty specified by the user. The generator will compile the problems into a printable file for easy distribution. Along with the homework page, the program will also create a solutions page for the problems generated, which is formatted in a separate printable file. When the user prints off the homework assignment, they can also print off the answer key to make grading easier. 
Starting off, the generator will be limited to problems using the basic arithmetic functions, meaning simple addition and subtraction problems. However, our plan for the project is to add onto the generator's capabilities to allow for problems of higher difficulty, including algebra, calculus, and even word problems, along with their solutions. There will be multiple levels of difficulty for each type of problem, whether it be basic addition and subtraction or algebra. The levels will be easy, normal, and hard. Problems will be designated a level based on the numbers in the problem and the number of steps required to calculate the answer. For example, single digit addition problems fall under the easy category while addition in the hundreds and thousands would be sorted into the hard category. With further development, the user will be able to combine problems of varying difficulties into one homework assignment.
Our math generator will be a downloadable Desktop application so that
any and all educators will have access to it. To program our project,
we will be using JFrame. It will be available as a downloadable 
Windows Desktop application.